Hi, my name is Denver and I'm a Ventrac
owner and today I'm gonna be blowing
this area with a Tough Cut. As you can
see a lot of this grass is almost over my
head and I'm 6 feet tall, but we're gonna
come in with a Ventrac Tough Cut and
clear all this area out and as you see
behind me
I got a 30-degree Bank up and down. We're
gonna be mowing that. There's a lot of
briars. The Tough Cut's one of those
amazing attachments that will clear out
this brush will take care of brush
that's up to half an inch in diameter so
it's a really aggressive Tough Cut. Some
of these briars back here there's some
thorns and it's going to take care of
that and make it passable. Right now I
can't even walk through this. I like to
mow this area a couple times a year.
I let things grow up so I'm not mowing it
all the time
and saving some fuel but I like to clear
it out and then my wife and kids can
enjoy it.
Another amazing thing that Ventrac does
is it's a great slope mower. The slope
behind me you see there's parts that are
30 degrees. I'll be using a Ventrac 42:31
turbo diesel tractor and it's got duals
on it and with that Ventrac turbo diesel
I can mow up and down and actually
sideways with those duals up to 30
degrees.
Another thing of note: this area is pretty swampy
and we got a stream coming through
here and the Ventrac's gonna
come across here and we're gonna cross
this Creek and not have any issues there
because the Ventrac's four-wheel-drive
will be able to get in and out of the
swampy area with no problems. It's a
little wet today
so we'll see how the traction on the
ventrac goes the weight transfer will
help that out it will help transfer some
of that weight back onto the axle and
give me some good traction
While I'm using the tough cut my
father's going to use the power rake
today. I have a lot of areas that we're
going to need to see later. It's some
rough ground that has a lot of weeds and
stuff on it we're gonna take the power
rake and smooth those areas over and
then we'll come back and see that later.
But the power rake's another attachment
does an amazing job of taking out the
ruts and just making that a nice
planting surface so we can come in and
seed that. Whenever you're operating
Ventrac equipment you should wear eye
protection and some ear protection and
then Ventrac is also equipped with a
seat belt which is a very good to use
especially when you're doing on
hillsides it's a must to wear your seat
belt and the other important thing when
you do it in hillsides and slopes is
we're equipped with duals and that adds
a little extra safety
Get my RPMs up a little higher
It's not bogging down, the Tough Cut's eating this pretty good
Yeah, this thistle right here is probably 6 feet high.
Yeah this Tough Cut just eats this stuff up
No problem